What? A play. What? No?
OK OK OK OK
Are you making a noise?
It finally came true accidentally
You are ready now
predicament
Just write the rest right away
Send it to my office immediately
OK OK OK OK OK
Right, OK, OK
May I ask if you are married or not?
You haven't yet. What's wrong?
Let me introduce it to you
This little woman is sensible
OK OK OK OK OK OK OK
Little women don't get along
I don't know if it will be okay
How about untying the two of them?
Dad, what did you say?
Then I'll follow him
What's wrong with this place?
What does destiny mean about talents?
You are not good at acting
Those who beat me to death don’t look at it
Are you serious police?
I had my eyes opened and I told the headquarters.
They are willing, yes I am.